Add ontology/gene downloader, parser, and checker; include respective … (#99)
chanzuckerberg/single-cell-curation: cellxgene_schema_cli/scripts/readme.md

## Updating ontologies

> Ontology information for cellxgene-shcema is  stored in `cellxgene_schema_cli/cellxgene_schema/ontology_files/all_ontology.json.gz` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ontology information for cellxgene-schema is  stored in `cellxgene_schema_cli/cellxgene_schema/ontology_files/all_ontology.json.gz` 
```

To update these ontologies, a developer has to:

### 1. Modify owl references

The yaml file `cellxgene_schema_cli/cellxgene_schema/ontology_files/owl_info` contains the current ontologies and versions used.

Foe example, for CL:

```yaml
CL:
  latest: 2021-06-21
  urls:
    2021-06-21: https://github.com/obophenotype/cell-ontology/raw/v2021-06-21/cl.owl
```

> `latest` cotains the current version used in cellxgene-schema. When updating an ontology, a new version has to be added to `urls` and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`latest` references the version currently used by cellxgene-schema. When updating an ontology, the new version has to be added to `urls` under the current date and 
```

> `latest` has to be modified accordingly. It would like look this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`latest` has to be modified to point at the correct date. It would like look this:
```

```yaml
CL:
  latest: new_date
  urls:
    2021-06-21: https://github.com/obophenotype/cell-ontology/raw/v2021-06-21/cl.owl
    new_date: https://foo.owl
```

**Note:** The processing scripts currently support `.owl` and `.owl.gz` files

### 2. Download and parse ontologies

From this directory (`cellxgene_schema_cli/scripts`) the following script has to be called:

```bash

> python3 ./ontology_processing.py

Reviewer: It might be worth wrapping these scripts in a make recipe as well
